# VGD Final Project: Ghost Rush
  This game, ghost rush, is about escaping a big haunted mansion while jumping on solid coffins. There is also a main enemy, the ghost, who follows you and trys to kill you. In ghost rush, you will find a creepy haunted house with many coffins to add to the theme. Your character, a scared child with a flashlight is trying to escape this nightmare, while escaping a horrifying ghost. This game also includes two levels, with an inside scene and an outside scene.

  To play ghost rush, use the space bar to jump, and the left and right arrow keys or keys A and D to move forward or backward respectively. You will jump onto the coffins to traverse the level, and reach the right side door to escape. If you get caught by the ghost or fall down the pit, you will lose the game, but you can reset by clicking the blue reset button.

  The first of the two scripts I made was for the reset button, to be able to click on it and reset to the first scene. I made it so that you didn't have to wait for the game to reload to just reset. My second script was for my enemy, the ghost, so that it chases you around at a scpecific speed. I added this so that the player has a harder time getting to the and to make the game more fun compared to just having the endless pit be your only way to lose. I made this script with the help of an online tutorial.

  The parts of my game that I like most are the use of my custom scripts and my custom visual assets. I am proud of my custom scripts because they add a nice and personal touch that make my game more enjoyable, whether it be my easy reset, or my enemy. I also like my custom visual assets because I think I did a good job on them and they enhance the theme of my game. An example of this is the character's worried face, or the eerieness of my backgrounds.

  A challenge that I faced while I was creating the game was that I could not figure out how to get my player to move between levels and between the game lose and win UI. I got some from my friends Karma, Aria, and Neil, who providid my first script for my scene changing, which I adapted to my game. Another challenge I faced was making an easy and fast way to reset to the first scene when you lost or won. For this challenge, I made a custom script and sprite to reset the player in a fast manner.
